[Merged by Bors] - Add PBR textures (#1632)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`orthographic` | [`3d/orthographic.rs`](./3d/orthographic.rs) | Shows how to create a 3D orthographic view (for isometric-look games or CAD applications)
`parenting` | [`3d/parenting.rs`](./3d/parenting.rs) | Demonstrates parent->child relationships and relative transformations

> `pbr` | [`3d/pbr.rs`](./3d/[pbr].rs) | Demonstrates PBR properties Roughness/Metallic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pbr` | [`3d/pbr.rs`](./3d/[pbr].rs) | Demonstrates use of Physically Based Rendering (PBR) properties
```

Cleanup for novice-clarity and reduced description churn.

> `pbr_textures` | [`3d/pbr_textures.rs`](./3d/[pbr].rs) | Demonstrates PBR textures (normals/roughness/metallic/occlusion)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pbr_textures` | [`3d/pbr_textures.rs`](./3d/[pbr].rs) | Demonstrates setting PBR properties as a texture, allowing you to vary the properties across your model
```

Clearer explanation for beginners.
